Remaining tasks:

* Add hover / tap animation

* add play button

* add video player





Done 
Change the text area from overflow: scroll; to overflow: auto;. This will hide the scroll bars when they are not needed.

Done
I would go with a different background color for presentation. You want this gallery to feel finished and polished. Yellow or even off white leave it feeling unexciting and makes it seem a little amateur despite having great interactions.

Done
The buttons really need help. They look stretched and as if they do not belong. I would say scrap the circle arrow idea and go with something that can fit in better. An idea would be to have a flat, bottom "drawer" on the gallery that the navigation lives in. This would separate the arrows from the content while still keeping them as part of the gallery. Icons more along the lines of these are on par with what I was thinking http://cdn.css-tricks.com/wp-content/uploads/2012/04/set-typicons.png. Then putting a rounded corner box around them in the draw would work well and feel more modern.

Done
The images are stretched pretty bad. If you look at landscape images, they are stretched. Not sure what you can do to resolve this issue other than increase the text area to abut the image. 


69% easily changeable
The persons name does "mesh" well with the test. The whole text area just seems off. I would say make the description area bigger, get rid of the HR all together and have the text closer to the title. This will also give more area for the text so it is less likely to scroll. I would also say on the fonts for the name, go with a larger thin font, rather than a bold large font than the body text.

Kept it
I like the border on the image. That works well.

Kept
I like the effect of the piece flying away.

??
I like the shadow behind the whole module. What if you were to reduce the blur on the drop shadow to give it more of a depth feel without having a drop shadow feel? Just a thought.

Kept
I like the rounded corners and the contained feel of the module.